[Music]
And well speaking of lawsuits, which is what this is about
today, from what I see, there
was talk on Ana
Rosa's morning show
about the alleged and very alleged, very very very
alleged, because it is like that,
I say and I'll tell you here and I
bet you whatever you want, I bet you whatever you
want that they are
not going to file these, they are
not going to file these, the lawsuits from Amador
and his family against Rocío Carrasco, they are
not going to file them, okay, today they were
talking about this on Ana Rosa's
morning show and Joaquín Prat
said literally, But well, let's
see if Rocío, of the things that Rocío Carrasco has said,
what the hell are you going to sue? I mean, in
Joaquín Prat's exact words, what the hell are you going to
sue
if, of everything that
Rocío Carrasco has said, she can file
a paper, I mean, they ca
n't sue anything,
if there is someone who has an idea
about something that Rocío has said  Carrasco
that is suable
by Amador de Gloria or
Ortega,
please put it to me right now in the super chat and shut my mouth, but I'm
telling you,
Amador is not going to file any lawsuit,
Gloria Mohedano either, José Antonio
either,
and Ortega Cano, Ortega Cano is going to file it with
Kiko Jiménez, yes,
but Rocio Carrasco, Ortega, no
way, does she have anything to sue for her
honor. Yes, yes, Jose, tell me the reason,
tell me the reason and the minute, and well, the
minute is not necessary, but tell me the
phrase that she is going to sue. What is the
fact?
Gloria Mohedano's daughter,
I already said that, for example, about
Gloria Mohedano's daughter, they said that she had
a secret relationship with Antonio David, is that
how I can see her being a little bit sueable,
but
Amador, Amador, is going to spend money on
filing a lawsuit, what it costs to file
a lawsuit. And to lose it because he would
lose it.
Well, because of the controversies in which he
has been immersed, of his own free will,
lawsuits against Rocio Carrasco,
ensure  to Rocio Carrasco we will see if she
puts her because they are making fun of her here
in Ana Rosa because they know that they are not going to be
able to start
Rocio Jurado's treatment
tell her
not to tell me anything it is totally
better for her to leave me alone
from my feeling and from what I know because
I know that they will do it, let them do it there
is no problem but I would wait because
not everything is counted yet despite
this confirms that they are already in the process of
taking measures
in that time
we are in that time of looking at things, they do not
even have a lawyer you know Why they don't
have a lawyer I found out today they do not
have a lawyer because
[Music]
Marco Garcia Montes who is the lawyer
who has always led the family
cannot handle the case nor does he want to
Marco Garcia Monte has handled cases
defending Rocio Carrasco I do not think he
cannot handle a case now against
Rocio Carrasco
and there is no other lawyer Yes yes they can
find another lawyer Of course they will
call Ivan because Ivan will tell them Do not
lose the money because Ivan does not
like to lose cases Ivan does not file lawsuits
to lose them
Ortega is also very good  lawyer and they are
also going to tell him not to file this
lawsuit
there are members of it who have
documentation who are waiting for
the Rocio documentary to finish so maybe
appear in court and
also file lawsuits
this Amador about that
Marcos Garcia Montes was going to be in charge he that
is very good look at you 100% liar
that first he started saying that
Marco Garcia Monte
was writing everything down
Okay and that he was going to sue everything
and in fact once here we commented on it
because he started saying that Marco Garcia
de Monte
was very much in disagreement with what
Rocio Carrasco was doing
Amador said that on YouTube that Marco Garcia
Montes was freaking out that he was
freaking out with this girl with the things she does
okay And look at you 100% liar that
now it turns out that Marco Garcia hadn't even
called him to consult him on the issue
that is not about whether now that Marcos has
said that he can't and all that stuff no no it's not that they
hadn't even called him I didn't
know because the weight always when
we did the matters and I speak with
ships
that it is not him it is true that he  I have been carrying a
case against Rocío Jurado for a while, that does not
disqualify him from being able to bring
Rocío's brothers But he says he is not
going to do it and that also the secrets that he
may know or let them know about it
And surely He has the papers and it
is surely even true But if it is that
How many people have come out And how many
fines have they given Rocío Jurado for
Amador and how many shady deals has
Amador done but yes that has been said a
lot If it is that it has always come out
that she is going to sue for the management of her
musical career, let's suppose that
Rocío Carrasco has that document I understand do you
think they will treat Rocío Carrasco on
Sálvame will they give her a hard time like they did years ago
or will they protect her I don't
know it is that I have no idea because
one thing that there is
one thing is that they have agreed not to the
first documentary and to lick her feet
because
[Music]
so that in exchange for them to drop
lawsuits and so on, that is not one thing but
another different thing It is that
the years continue to pass and they continue with that is a very
different thing is one thing and another is the  another So I don't
know they'll forget it's that of
course now in giving it to Rocío Carrasco
it's very complicated because she would no longer
be
Javi you are claiming that amadora has
committed crimes and you do it daily
will it be that you know that she can't sue you menade
Have a coffee my soul
coffee heart that to
put themselves from Sálvame against Rocío
Carrasco at this point with the
things they have said and done would be to
put themselves against themselves
Then it would be going on they are capable of
any [ __ ] Eh I already told you those
people
I would have already changed if I were them
if I were the person in charge of the
content or some of the owners or
directors or whatever
I would have already worried about what
the audience is saying to me or trying to tell me
because in the end
the media and the
entertainment programs owe themselves to
the audience so that's where they
should have I would worry
[Music]